What is this faucet?
This is ordered by God to accept Yongchang
Was it really the feast of the Sword Emperor of Shushan a thousand years ago?
Compared to the authentic treasure of Shushan Sword Sect
Shushan sword is even more precious
bad force of good and evil
Lost for a thousand years, the Sword Emperor attacked
How could it be in the Demon Sect Treasure House?
soldier
The master is presumptuous
This Sword Emperor together makes me the treasure of Shu Mountain
How can you give it away easily
This is the gift you want to give
Good and evil do not measure
Shushan and the Demon Sect have been enemies for thousands of years
Qin Yun, you betrayed Shushan and went to the Demon Sect
Everyone in the world will be punished
As the great elder of Shushan Qizong
Also clean up the door for Qizong
What about Tang Zichen?
You already have this Miss Baguio by your side
Remember your fiancée
I don't want to be angry today
You immediately take the Shushan disciples out or else
My thousand years
The seven most gifted elders of Shushan
Can't take a move
The sect master of the Life Sect really lives up to his reputation
You are the Destiny Sect